README.md, before:

# Hello Minecraft! Launcher [![Build Status](https://ci.huangyuhui.net/job/HMCL/badge/icon?.svg)](https://ci.huangyuhui.net/job/HMCL)

## Introduction

HMCL is a Minecraft launcher which supports Mod management, game customizing, auto installing(Forge, LiteLoader and OptiFine), modpack creating, UI customizing and so on.

No plugin API is provided.

## License
The software is distributed under [GPL v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) with additional terms.

### Additional terms under GPLv3 Section 7
1. When you distribute a modified version of the software, you must change the software name or the version number in a reasonable way in order to distinguish it from the original version. \[[under GPLv3, 7(c).](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/LICENSE#L372-L374)\]

   The software name and the version number can be edited [here](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/HMCL/src/main/java/org/jackhuang/hmcl/Metadata.java#L31-L32).

2. You must not remove the copyright declaration displayed in the software. \[[under GPLv3, 7(b).](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/LICENSE#L368-L370)\]

Chinese Translation:
### 附加条款（依据 GPLv3 协议第七条）
1. 当你分发本程序的修改版本时，你必须以一种合理的方式修改本程序的名称或版本号，以示其与原始版本不同。\[[依据 GPLv3, 7(c).](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/LICENSE#L372-L374)\]

   本程序的名称及版本号可在[此处](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/HMCL/src/main/java/org/jackhuang/hmcl/Metadata.java#L31-L32)修改。

2. 你不得移除本程序所显示的版权声明。\[[依据 GPLv3, 7(b).](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/LICENSE#L368-L370)\]

## Contribution

If you want to submit a pull request, there're some requirements:
* IDE: Intellij IDEA.
* Compiler: Java 1.8.
* Do NOT modify `gradle` files.

## JVM Options (for debugging)
|Parameter|Description|
|---------|-----------|
|`-Dhmcl.self_integrity_check.disable=true`|Bypass the self integrity check when checking for update.|
|`-Dhmcl.version.override=<version>`|Override the version number.|
|`-Dhmcl.update_source.override=<url>`|Override the update source.|
|`-Dhmcl.authlibinjector.location=<path>`|Use specified authlib-injector (instead of downloading one).|

Commit message:

add up-to-date download link

README.md, after:

# Hello Minecraft! Launcher [![Build Status](https://ci.huangyuhui.net/job/HMCL/badge/icon?.svg)](https://ci.huangyuhui.net/job/HMCL)

## Introduction

HMCL is a Minecraft launcher which supports Mod management, game customizing, auto installing(Forge, LiteLoader and OptiFine), modpack creating, UI customizing and so on.

No plugin API is provided.

## Download
Download the latest version [from the official website](https://hmcl.huangyuhui.net/download)

Note: Github releases are outdated.

## License
The software is distributed under [GPL v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) with additional terms.

### Additional terms under GPLv3 Section 7
1. When you distribute a modified version of the software, you must change the software name or the version number in a reasonable way in order to distinguish it from the original version. \[[under GPLv3, 7(c).](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/LICENSE#L372-L374)\]

   The software name and the version number can be edited [here](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/HMCL/src/main/java/org/jackhuang/hmcl/Metadata.java#L31-L32).

2. You must not remove the copyright declaration displayed in the software. \[[under GPLv3, 7(b).](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/LICENSE#L368-L370)\]

Chinese Translation:
### 附加条款（依据 GPLv3 协议第七条）
1. 当你分发本程序的修改版本时，你必须以一种合理的方式修改本程序的名称或版本号，以示其与原始版本不同。\[[依据 GPLv3, 7(c).](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/LICENSE#L372-L374)\]

   本程序的名称及版本号可在[此处](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/HMCL/src/main/java/org/jackhuang/hmcl/Metadata.java#L31-L32)修改。

2. 你不得移除本程序所显示的版权声明。\[[依据 GPLv3, 7(b).](https://github.com/huanghongxun/HMCL/blob/11820e31a85d8989e41d97476712b07e7094b190/LICENSE#L368-L370)\]

## Contribution

If you want to submit a pull request, there're some requirements:
* IDE: Intellij IDEA.
* Compiler: Java 1.8.
* Do NOT modify `gradle` files.

## JVM Options (for debugging)
|Parameter|Description|
|---------|-----------|
|`-Dhmcl.self_integrity_check.disable=true`|Bypass the self integrity check when checking for update.|
|`-Dhmcl.version.override=<version>`|Override the version number.|
|`-Dhmcl.update_source.override=<url>`|Override the update source.|
|`-Dhmcl.authlibinjector.location=<path>`|Use specified authlib-injector (instead of downloading one).|
